good morning everyone and for now and
welcome to the information of the world
of pokemon as you know the week
last I brought you a video announcing
that day 26 without announcing with a
Japan program etc. and so on a
new pokémon game that we do not know
practically nothing and that it will break a
bunch of what's going to be the little faith that
little around poking to etcetera and
obviously that game has been very well
guys today to the day August 26 has been
filtering has been announced rather a
new game of pokémon for recreational
in Japan but it will be out in Europe
It will be in Europe and in consoles
of nintendo because almost almost could almost
put it in the fire of what if when that
is what he gave us so guys we're going
for there we are going to analyze this game
let's analyze the trailer so
and say everything with everything
that's because you're going with weapons against
he is a teaser so to speak in the
that announce the name of the game comes out in
a new pokémon and graphics come out
of the game that I find spectacular
honestly one thing that can move the
wiiu without problems is that it is not a
let say
a game many graphics graphics
spectacular but I think neither
you need it in we sign with it
I bring you a video talking about
Nintendo had registered two names
the names of pokemon fighters and poker
tournament very well because it seems that
these pokémon games that I said that
they can be fight etc. and so on
I said I mean last year I said the
really quite funny that I said
it could be a mix between pokemon and you
you burn created by the name of epoc in
that double-sided
It takes duplicate that both do
names of people you do not know that the
name you stay with two cash and pocket
I said why do not they sin or something like that because
his face is bent so to speak
because it seems that because of that
bandai that are the creators are the
designers are the developers
better said of tekken and soul calibur
they are after this game they walk
developing this game that will come out as
order as I repeat in 2015 poch around
a bet confirmed 100% will go 2015
for recreational only and
exclusively from Japan the games that
are the pokemon sorry they are
within this game announced 100%
official are look ario mega lúcar me mega
basic in play follow and
will go on how are you watching on screen
the time is that the graphics seem to me
very good nothing has come out of gameplay
with the juli in plan the typical gameplay
of a lifetime that you could be
playing like nothing has come out as an single
a teaser comes out with a trailer like that in
moves in the monkey is in time
real power the graphics of the game well
that the game will look if obviously
but we still do not know the movements
nor if it will be in 3d or in street plan
fighter we know practically nothing the
graphical section as is quite
decent I can move the wiiu without
problems I say and last year
as I say it registered little in fighters and
little environment in Japan in the USA and in
europe very well now speaking of white
and from the white moments you know that
white as I say in the develops
of the tec in and it seems that you in
Japan has always been out a couple of years or
one year before, always in recreational activities
in consoles for example the tekken 6 the
tekken 6 that the known the world the
franchise tekken as the tekken 6 came out
in 2007 for recreational in japan and a
year and a half later he left for
normally not for xbox 360 this list
it's fine for playstation3 and I do not
I do not know if it came out or I do not think
well I will say that it came out also for pc
but good especially for the
strong consoles that was xbox 360 in that
moment in 2009 and playstation3
malefo because he is telling me this
for good because white is the
distributor so to speak along with
an intern of this new because fighters
smell of sherrod you're I do not know what's wrong
to the bank but they were committing a lot of cane in
the recreational ones is therefore type that
around me I will be first in
recreational in japan but insurance for sure
sure that next year is to say yes
the game comes out in 2015 for 2016 or
We see end of mismamente 2015
when is this little in fighters because
around me forgive me in japan it will come out
also for the wii u will not be in
nintendo sony consoles neither of nor of
micro enough will go out for the wii
u the following year that is to say in 2016 in
2017 or the end of 2015 will surely be
confirm when the own little bit of
a lathe I put when I wear the little
environment gets in the market in the
recreational a few months so
guys quiet everyone but
Nintendo would not have registered
marks because in fight if little around
mind in the USA and in Europe they do not have
no kind of sense because the neighborhood
do not go out leaves
so they register the marks because
angry and little environment med does not have
no kind of sense and it is also a
game that surely many people will want
have many people in your own home
will want we go that is that without any doubt
is a sells consoles is that is that in
a game of pokémon but fights is
I do not know not that I do not know what's coming
head to nintendo do not put this game
for water me but I do I say and
confirmed almost one hundred percent of that
this game is going to be for the
nintendo wii or for 3ds very
probably not more than anything for the
graphics there could be a gradient
etcetera etcetera but I do not think it is
for 3ds more than anything because for the 3ds
there are already Pokémon games like
example pokemon x6 or mega blond pokemon
and alpha sapphire
just like that guys but I like this
information video I hope you have
liked this touch environment med maybe
leave because environment is only for
recreational and then little in fighter
because they have not said anything about pocket
fighters and it's also a brand that
recorded nintendo maybe I do not know are a
game because fighters for consoles and
little environment mind only be for
recreational soap but good without
no doubt quiet guys that all
the world that has a union at home
will end up playing this generation to
a fighting game at most taken but
of pokemon my mother I have a desire
eyepieces has seen it go away I shit the
conal you have seen 7 nothing more boys
but you like this information video
leave a comment
we go to 3,000 likes I would appreciate it
enormously and see you when you will be
more pokemon information soon and
especially with see you at nine o'clock and
mean with the ice bucket come out of mother
what a cold past and I shit in the
concede come a greeting and even the
next goodbye